#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
altair==4.2.2
    # via streamlit
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   hypothesis
    #   jsonschema
    #   negmas
    #   pytest
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.5
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via streamlit
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   mip
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click-config-file
    #   negmas
    #   scml
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
click-config-file==0.6.0
    # via negmas
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via negmas
colorlog==6.7.0
    # via negmas
comm==0.1.2
    # via ipykernel
configobj==5.0.8
    # via click-config-file
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.6
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   validators
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.3.6
    # via negmas
entrypoints==0.4
    # via altair
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.3
    # via nbformat
fonttools==4.39.2
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
gif==23.3.0
    # via
    #   negmas
    #   scml
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.31
    # via streamlit
hypothesis==6.70.0
    # via scml
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.0.0
    # via streamlit
inflect==6.0.2
    # via negmas
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.21.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.11.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.0.4
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   pydeck
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scml
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via scml
jupyter-client==8.0.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.5.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.5
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
markdown-it-py==2.2.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.7.1
    # via
    #   gif
    #   negmas
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mip==1.15.0
    # via scml
mistune==2.0.5
    # via nbconvert
nbclassic==0.5.3
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.10
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
negmas==0.9.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scml
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
networkx==3.0
    # via negmas
notebook==6.5.3
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.24.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   negmas
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   streamlit
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   streamlit
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   negmas
    #   seaborn
    #   streamlit
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.4.0
    # via
    #   gif
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
platformdirs==3.1.1
    # via jupyter-core
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
prettytable==3.6.0
    # via scml
progressbar2==4.2.0
    # via negmas
prometheus-client==0.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via streamlit
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   negmas
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pulp==2.7.0
    # via scml
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py4j==0.10.9.7
    # via negmas
pyarrow==11.0.0
    # via streamlit
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.6
    # via inflect
pydeck==0.8.0
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   rich
pympler==1.0.1
    # via streamlit
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
pytest==7.2.2
    # via scml
pytest-runner==6.0.0
    # via negmas
python-constraint==1.4.0
    # via scml
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   streamlit
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-utils==3.5.2
    # via progressbar2
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via pandas
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via tzlocal
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   negmas
pyzmq==25.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.1
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.3.0
    # via qtconsole
requests==2.28.2
    # via streamlit
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.3.2
    # via
    #   negmas
    #   streamlit
scikit-learn==1.2.2
    # via negmas
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   negmas
    #   scikit-learn
scml==0.5.6
    # via -r requirements.in
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via negmas
semver==2.13.0
    # via streamlit
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   configobj
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via hypothesis
soupsieve==2.4
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
streamlit==1.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
stringcase==1.2.0
    # via negmas
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via negmas
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
toolz==0.12.0
    # via altair
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   streamlit
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via scml
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typer==0.7.0
    # via negmas
typing==3.7.4.3
    # via negmas
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   negmas
    #   pydantic
    #   streamlit
tzdata==2022.7
    # via pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==4.2
    # via streamlit
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via requests
validators==0.20.0
    # via streamlit
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via
    #   prettytable
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.12
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.1
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.5
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.15.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
